chore(common): fix broken links (#2312)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-persist-selection-across-pages.md

An example is available in the following project: [https://github.com/telerik/blazor-ui/tree/master/grid/persist-selection](https://github.com/telerik/blazor-ui/tree/master/grid/persist-selection)

> >tip Since our 2.10.0 release the behavior showcased above is delivered out of the box with the [`SelectAllMode` parameter of the `GridCheckBoxColumn`]({%slug components/grid/columns/checkbox%}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>tip Starting with version `2.10.0`, the behavior showcased above is delivered out of the box with the [`SelectAllMode` parameter of the `GridCheckBoxColumn`]({%slug components/grid/columns/checkbox%}).
```
